feat: add missing kwargs and clone all settable attributes in all `Channel.clone()` methods (#837)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/635.feature.rst

> Implement new cloned attributes on the :func:`clone` method and adds these attributes (differents for every channel type) as keyword-only parameters to the :func:`clone` method on every :class:`abc.GuildChannel` subclass to make in-place edit, specifically the following channel type implements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone more attributes in channel ``clone`` methods, and add them as keyword-only parameters to the the respective ``clone`` method on every :class:`abc.GuildChannel` subclass to make in-place edits. The clone methods now support the following fields:
```

Author: [
`0a2b54c`](https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/837/commits/0a2b54cba70b85320e2fa98da93af609d62b56c6)

Implement new cloned attributes on the :func:`clone` method of:

>     - :class:`TextChannel`:
>         The :meth:`TextChannel.clone` will now clone :attr:`TextChannel.topic`, :attr:`TextChannel.position`, :attr:`TextChannel.nsfw`,
>         :attr:`TextChannel.category`, :attr:`TextChannel.slowmode_delay`, :attr:`TextChannel.type`, :attr:`TextChannel.default_auto_archive_duration`,
>         :attr:`TextChannel.flags` into the newly-cloned TextChannel. In addition, :meth:`TextChannel.clone` now accepts the listed attributes as kwargs
>         to make an in-place edit of the newly-cloned channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - :meth:`TextChannel.clone` will now clone :attr:`~TextChannel.topic`, :attr:`~TextChannel.position`, :attr:`~TextChannel.nsfw`,
      :attr:`~TextChannel.category`, :attr:`~TextChannel.slowmode_delay`, :attr:`~TextChannel.type`, :attr:`~TextChannel.default_auto_archive_duration`,
      :attr:`~TextChannel.flags` into the newly-cloned channel.
```
Something like this, perhaps? The last sentence (`... now accepts the listed attributes as kwargs ...`) in all of these could be mentioned just once at the top, no need to add it to each paragraph.
